{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22000}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul\b\f0\fs48\lang9 MODULE - 1 Assignment\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\ulnone\fs36 1] What is SDLC ?\fs40\par
\cf0\fs24 SDLC is Structure imposed on the development of a software of product that deffine the process ,Planning, implentation,desing,\par
testing,documetion,development,and maintence support.\par
SDLC is process of creates a structure of development of software.SDLC is  different phase ,each phase various activatiy it make development team it able to desing ,create and deliver to high-qulity produt.\par
\cf1\fs36 2] What is Agile Methodology ?\par
\cf0\fs24 Agile Methodology is Software development life cycle is combine of iterative of incrementle process models with foucs on process adaptability and customer satifaction rapid delivery of working software producte. So the most important for development the Agile Modle is make esay and rapid Project achivement.for attaing this task , developers need to preseve the agility during development.\par
* Agile Method break the produy into small incremental builds.\par
*Thease bulids are Provide in iteration .\par
*Each itration typically form one to three weeks.\par
*Every itration is cross involves cross functionalteams working on varios areas, like Planning,desing,analysis,testing,coding, requriment. and accepting testing.\par
*Agile Modle belives that every project need to be handle differently and existin maethod need to be tailored to best suite the project requriment. and agile task devide to time .\par
\cf1\fs36  3] What is SRS ? (SOFTWARE REQURIMENTS SEPCIFICATION\f1 )\par
\cf0\fs24 Software requriment sepcification(SRS) is descriptionpf behiviour of the system to be developed.It includs a set of use that describe all of the interaction that the usear will have with the software.\par
*Use case are also know as  functional requirement.In addition to use cases, the SRS also contains non-functional reqrements.\par
*Recommended approchs for the specification of software requriments are decribed by \par
IEEE 830-1998.\par
*This standred describes Possible Structures, desrable contents, and qulites of software requriments specification (SRS).\par
\cf1\fs36 4] What is OOPs ?(OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING SOFTWARE)\par
\cf0\fs24 OOP is identifying objects and assigingin responsibillities to these objects.\par
*Objects communicate to other objects by sending message are received by method of an object.\par
*An object is like a black box\par
*Objects -oriented Programming has web of interacting objects,each house -keeping its own state.\par
*Objects of program interarct by sending message to each to each other.\par
Programming is like writing ,If you can wirite a demonstration,you  can make a program.\par
so can programmimng is also easy But ,actually, programming is not easybecause a real good program is not easily programmed . It needs the Programmers lots of wisdom.lots of knowleadge about progrramming and lots of experince.\par
*An object-based programming language is one which easly supports object-prientation.\par

\pard\cf1\fs36 5] Write Basic Conpects Of OOP .\par
\cf0\fs24 * Object\par
*Class\par
*Abstraction\par
*Polymorplism\par
(Ovreriding) & (overloading)\par
*Inheritance\par
This is basic conpects of OOP.\par
\par
\cf1\fs36 6] What is Object ?\par
\cf0\fs24 Object is represent an individual,identifiable item,unite,either real or abstract,whith a well defined role in the problam domian.An object is anything to which a concepts applies.\par
This is basic unit of object oriented programming.That is both data and function that operate on data are bundled as unit called as object.\par
                                                    The two parts of an object\par
                     Object = Data + Methods\par
\cf2\b0\f2\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f1\fs36 7] What is Class ?\cf0\fs24\par
Class is blueprint for an object.A Class represent an abstraction of the object and abstracts the properties and behavior that object.\par
Class can be considered as the blueprint or definition or template for an object and describes the properties and behavior of that object,but without any actual existence.\par
An object is particlur instance of class which has actual ecitence and there can be many objects for class.\par
\cf1\fs36 8] What is Inheritance ?\par
\cf0\fs24 Inheritance means that one class inherits the charateristics of another class. this is also called a is a realtionship.\par
One of the most useful aspects of object-orinted programming is coad reusability.As the name suggests Inheritance is process of forming a new class from an existing class that is from the existing class called as base class , new class is formed called as derived class.\par
This is very important conpect of object-oritened programmimg since this feature helps to reduce the code size.\par
Inheritance describes the realtionship between two classes. A class can get some of its characteristics from a parent class and then add unique features of its own.\par
In a calss context,inheritance is referreed to as implementation inheritance ,and in interface context , it aslo refrerred to interface inheritance. FOR example consider a Vehicle parent class and its Child class Car.\par

\pard\cf1\fs36 9] What is Encapsulation ?\par
\cf0\fs24 Encaosulation is the practic of including in object everything it need hidden from other object.The internal stat is usaually not accessible by other objects.encapslation is placsing the data and function that work on that data in the same place.while working with procedural languages.it is not alaways clear whic function work on which varible but object-orientedprogrammimg provide you framework to place the data and relevent function togther in same object.\par
Encapsulation in java is the process of wrapping up of data and behavior of an object into single unit and the unit here is aclass or interface.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Encapsulation enables data hiding irrelevant information from usear of class and expose only the relevant details by the user\cf2\b0\f2  \fs23 .\par
\cf1\b\fs36 10] What is Polymorphism ?\par
\cf0\fs24 Polymorphism means "having many forms".It allows different object to respond to the same message in different ways ,the responce specific to the type of object.The most important aspect of an object is its behavior.A behavior is initiated by sending a message to the object(usually by calling a methid).The ability to use an operator an function ways in other word giving different meaning  or function to the opertors is called polymorphism.\par
The ability to change form is konw as polymorphism.there is two parts of polymorphism in java .\par
*Overloading (compile time polymorphism) \par
*Overriding (Runtime polymorphism)\par
\cf1 Overloading (compile time polymorphism) \cf0 The concepts of overloading is also branch of polymorphism. when the exiting operator or function is made operate on new data type ,it is said to be overloaded. In method overloading ,multiple method having same name can appear ina class but with different signature.\par
\cf1 Overriding (Runtime Polymorphism) \cf0 is defining a method in a sub class with name type signature as amethod inn its super class and when this sub class instance appers in the super class context and when we exceute an ovverriding method as p.myMethod().the subtype version of that method executed.\par
\cf1\fs36 11] Write SDLC phases With basic intorduction.\par
\cf0\fs24 SDLC describes varios phase of software development and order of execution of phase.each pahse requries deliverable from the previos phase in a life cycle of software development.\par
\cf1 * Requirments \cf0 -  This is the most crucial phase of software development life cycle for the developing team as well as for the project manger.During this phase , the client state requriment ,specifiation,expections,and any other special requriment related to the product or software.Feature,usage scnarios .Although requriment may be documented in written from ,they may be incomplete or even incorrect.Requrimant will change!\par
Bulid constant feedback into the project plan.Early prototyping.\par
Requirment has two type .1 Functional requriment 2. Non-functional requriment\par
\cf1 * Analysis \cf0 - The analysis phase defines the requirment of system,independent fo how thesr reuirment will be accomplished.This phase defines the problam that custome is trying to slove.the deliverable result at the end of this place is a requriment documnet.Ideally this document states in a clear and precise fashion is ti be bulid.\par
This phase start with the requriment document delevired by the requriment phase and maps the requriment into architecture.\par
This phase represent "how" phase.\par
\cf1 * Design \cf0 - Design is architecture doucument,Implementation plan,critical priotity,performance analysis,test plan.\par
The design team can now expand upon the information established in the requriment document.the requriment document must guide this decicson process.\par
The Design phase includes a detailed analysis of new software according to the requriment phase this is high priority phase in a development life cycle of system because the logical desiging of sysem in converted inti physical designing.The output of the requriment phase is a collaction of things that are requried, and the design phase gives the way to accomplish these reqriment.\par
\cf1 * Implementation/Development Phase \cf0 - In the implementation phase ,the team bulid the components either from scratch or by composition. Givan the architecture doucument from the desing phase and requriment document from tha analysis phase ,the team should build exactly what has been requested , thogh there is still room for innovation and flexibilty.\par
The implemrntation phase deals with issuse of quality,performance,baseline,libraies,and debegging.The end deliverable is the product itself.there are already many established techniques associated with implemention.\par
This phase work is divided into small units,and coding start by the team of developers according to thr discussed in the previos phase and according to the requriment of the clinet disussed in requriment phase to produce the desired result.Sins this is a  the coding phase ,it takes the longest time and more focused apporch for the developer in the software development life cycle.\par
\cf1 * Testing Phase \cf0 - Testing phase is the last step of completing a software system.In this phase after getting the developed and back-end combination,it is tested against the requriments stated in the requriment phase.Tsting determines whether the software is acually giving the result as per the requriments addressed in the reuriment phase or not .the development team makes test plan to start the test.This test plan including all types of essential testing such as integration testing ,unit testing,accepatence testing and syatem testing. Non-functional testing also done in this phase.\par
Simply stated ,quality is very important .many companis have not learned that quility is important and deliver more claimed functionality but at lowar quility level.The testing phase is a separate phase ehich is performed by different team after the development is completed.There is merit in this approch it is hard to see one own mistake ,and a freh eye can discover obvious errors much faster than the person who has read and re-read  the material many times. \par
\cf1 * Maintance Phase \cf0 - Software is one of the activites in software engineering,and is the process of enhnacing and opitimizing deployed software ,as well as fixing defects.Software maintance is also one of the phase in the system development life cycle,as it applies to software development. The maintence phase is the phsae which comes after deployment of the software into the filed.The developing organization will have some sechanism to document and track defects and deficiencies.configuration and version management.update all analysis, design and user documentation,repeatable,automated tests enable evoluation and refactoring.\par
Maintenance is the process of chamging a system after has been deployed.The maintence phase is the last and long-lasting phase of SDLC because it is the process which continues until the software life cycle comes to an end.\par
This phase also include making changes in harderware and software to maimtain its operational effvtive like improve its performace ,enchance security feature and according to custmer requriment with upcoming time. This process to take care of product time to time is called maintenance.\par
\cf1\fs36 12] Explain Phase of Waterfall Model \par
\cf0\fs24 The waterfall model is also know as thr liner-seqential life cycle model is am essential software development model which can be understanble from the structure it self. the model is straigh forward yet idelistic. \par
The classical software life cycle models the software development as a step-by-step "waterfall" between the various development phase.\par
\cf1 * Requirments Collection \cf0 - Requirment collection is the first phase pf the waterfall model,where the business analyst will assemble all information or business needs of the client in the form of a requirement document.And this doucment should be clear and easy to understand, and all requriments are correctly listed.\par
\cf1 * Analysis \cf0 - The analysis phase defines the requirment of system,independent fo how thesr reuirment will be accomplished.This phase defines the problam that custome is trying to slove.the deliverable result at the end of this place is a requriment documnet.Ideally this document states in a clear and precise fashion is ti be bulid.\par
This phase start with the requriment document delevired by the requriment phase and maps the requriment into architecture.\par
\cf1 * Design \cf0 - Design is architecture doucument,Implementation plan,critical priotity,performance analysis,test plan.\par
The design team can now expand upon the information established in the requriment document.the requriment document must guide this decicson process.\par
The Design phase includes a detailed analysis of new software according to the requriment phase this is high priority phase in a development life cycle of system because the logical desiging of sysem in converted inti physical designing.The output of the requriment phase is a collaction of things that are requried, and the design phase gives the way to accomplish these reqriment.\par
\cf1 * Implementation/Development Phase \cf0 - In the implementation phase ,the team bulid the components either from scratch or by composition. Givan the architecture doucument from the desing phase and requriment document from tha analysis phase ,the team should build exactly what has been requested , thogh there is still room for innovation and flexibilty.\par
The implemrntation phase deals with issuse of quality,performance,baseline,libraies,and debegging.The end deliverable is the product itself.there are already many established techniques associated with implemention.\par
\cf1 * Testing Phase \cf0 - Testing phase is the last step of completing a software system.In this phase after getting the developed and back-end combination,it is tested against the requriments stated in the requriment phase.Tsting determines whether the software is acually giving the result as per the requriments addressed in the reuriment phase or not .the development team makes test plan to start the test.This test plan including all types of essential testing such as integration testing ,unit testing,accepatence testing and syatem testing. Non-functional testing also done in this phase.\par
\cf1 * Maintance Phase \cf0 - Software is one of the activites in software engineering,and is the process of enhnacing and opitimizing deployed software ,as well as fixing defects.Software maintance is also one of the phase in the system development life cycle,as it applies to software development. The maintence phase is the phsae which comes after deployment of the software into the filed.The developing organization will have some sechanism to document and track defects and deficiencies.configuration and version management.update all analysis, design and user documentation,repeatable,automated tests enable evoluation and refactoring.\par
\cf1\fs36 13] Write Phase of the Spiral Model \par
\cf0\fs24 Spiral model is very widely used in the software indstry as it in synch with the natural development process of any product for the customer as well as the development firms.\par
in this model, we create the appliction module by module and handed over to the customer so  that they can start using the appliction at very early stage.And we prepare this model only whem the module is depent on each other.in this model,we develop the appliction in the stage because some time the clint gives the requriments in between the process.\par
\cf1 * Requriment Analysis \cf0 - The spiral model process starts with collecting business needs. In this the folloing spirals will include the documentation of system requriments, unit requriments  and the sub system needs. in the this stage  we can easily understanf the system requriments because the business analyst and cilent have constant communication and one the cycle is completed, the application will deployed in the market.\par
* \cf1 Risk analysis and resolving\cf0  - As the process goes to the second quadrant, all likely solutions are sketched, and then the best solution among them gets select. Then the different types of risks linked with the chosen solution are recognized and resolved through the best possible approach. As the spiral goes to the end of this quadrant, a project prototype is put up for the most excellent and likely solution.\par
\cf1 * Develop the next level of product \cf0 - As the development progress goes to the third quadrant, the well-known and mostly required features are developed as well as verified with the testing methodologies. As this stage proceeds to the end of this third quadrant, new software or the next version of existing software is ready to deliver.\par
\cf1 * Plan the next Phase \cf0 - As the development process proceeds in the fourth quadrant, the customers appraise the developed version of the project and reports if any further changes are required. At last, planning for the subsequent phase is initiated.\par
\cf1\fs36 14] Write Agile mainfesto principles \par
\fs24 * Individules and interactions - \cf0 In agile development, self-organization and motivation are important, as are interactions like co-loction and pair programming.\par
\cf1 * Working Software \cf0 - Demo working is considered the best mens of communication with the customer to understand their requriment ,insted of just depending on documention.\par
\cf1 * Customer collaboration \cf0 - As the rquirments cannot be gathered completely in the beging of the project due to various factors,continusos custmor interaction is very important to get proper product requirements.\par
\cf1 * Responding to change \cf0 - agile development is focused on quck responses to chnage and continuous development. \par

\pard\cf1\fs36 15] Explain working methodology of agile model and also write pros and cons.\par
\cf0\fs24 Agile SDLC modle is a combination of iterative and incremental process models with focus on process adaptability and custmor satifaction by repid delivery of working software product.\par
Agile Method brakes the product into small incremental builds.These builds are provided in interations.Each iteration typically lasts from about one to three weeks.Every iteration involes cross functional team working simultaneously on varios ares like planning,requriments analysis,design,coding,unit-testing,and acceptance testing.\par
At the end of the iteration a working product is displayed to the customer and importanr stakeholders.\par
Agile model believes that every project needs to be handled differently and the exidting method need to be tailored to best suit the project requriments. in agile tasks are divided to time boxes to deliver specifuc fearute for a release.Itertive apporch is takes and working software build is delivered after each iterration.each bulid is incremental in terms of feauture, the final holds all the features rquried by the customer.\par
Agile thought process had stared early in the software development and started becoming popular with tiem due to ots flexibility and adaptability.\par
\par
\cf1\fs36 Pros\par
\cf0\fs24 * Is a very realistic approch to software development\par
*Promotes teamwork and cross tranning.\par
*Functionally can be developed rapidly and demonstrated.\par
*Resours requriments are minimum.\par
*suitable for fixed or changing requrimennts\par
*Delivers early partial working solution.\par
*Good modle for environments that change steadily.\par
*Minimal rules,documentation easily employed.\par
*Little or no planning required\par
*Easy to manage.\par
*Gives flecibility to develpers.\par
*Enables concurrent development and delivery within an overall planned context.\par
\par
\cf1\fs36 Cons\par
\cf0\fs24 * Not suitable for handling complex depencies.\par
*More risk of sustainability,manitainbilty and extenibility.\par
*An overall plan,an agile leader and agile PM practice is a must without which it will not work.\par
*Strict delivery management distates the scope, functionallity to be delivered and adjustments to meet the deaddlines.\par
*Depands heavily on customer interaction,so if cutmor is not clear can be driven in the wrong direction.\par
*There is very high individule dependency.since there is minimum documentation generated\par
*Transfer of technology to new team members  may be quite challinging due to lack .\cf1\fs36\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24\par
\cf1\fs36\par
\cf0\fs24\par
\cf1\par
\cf0                                                                                                                                        \cf1\f1\fs36\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\cf0\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\fs36\par
\f0\par
\par
\cf0\b0\fs22\par
}
 